Update to_gc_num.mdx (#505)
comcode-org/hackmud_wiki: docs/scripting/scripts.lib/to_gc_num.mdx

### Return

> Returns a number or an object (inactive GC string).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a number.

For invalid `gc_string` values, the following object is returned:
```

Separate expected return from exceptional case for extra clarity.

```js
{
  ok: false,

>   msg: "GC string " + gc_string + " is not in correct format. Example GC strings: \"1M234K567GC\", \"1B5KGC\", \"2MGC\", \"9GC\"."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  msg: "GC string \"" + gc_string + "\" is not in correct format. Example GC strings: \"1M234K567GC\", \"1B5KGC\", \"2MGC\", \"9GC\"."
```
Missing quotes here
